README.rst, before:

django-oauth2-provider
======================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/edx/django-oauth2-provider.svg?branch=edx
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/edx/django-oauth2-provider

.. image:: http://codecov.io/github/edx/django-oauth2-provider/coverage.svg?branch=edx
    :target: http://codecov.io/github/edx/django-oauth2-provider?branch=edx

This is an edX-customized fork of *django-oauth2-provider*, a Django application that provides
customizable OAuth2\-authentication for your Django projects.

`Documentation <http://readthedocs.org/docs/django-oauth2-provider/en/latest/>`_

`Help <https://groups.google.com/d/forum/django-oauth2-provider>`_

Release Notes
=============
1.2.4
-----
* More management command MySQL compatibility updates.

1.2.3
-----
* Update management command to be MySQL 5.6 compatible, use ORM for deletions.

1.2.2
-----
* Add management command to delete expired OAuth2 grant tokens.

1.2.1
-----
* Add Django 1.10/1.11 support.

1.2.0
-----
* Add 'nonce' to OAuth2 grant tokens model.

1.0.2
-----

This release contains a backward incompatible change:

* Foreign key reverse names have been specified, so this library can be
  installed alongside `django-oauth-toolkit`.  Code that traverses from
  the User model to `django-oauth2-provider` models will need to update the
  related name used.

      >>> user.access_token
      >>> user.grant
      >>> user.refresh_token

  becomes:

      >>> user.dop_access_token
      >>> user.dop_grant
      >>> user.dop_refresh_token

License
=======

*django-oauth2-provider* is released under the MIT License. Please see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Update db clearing mgmt cmd to include access and refresh tokens

README.rst, after:

django-oauth2-provider
======================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/edx/django-oauth2-provider.svg?branch=edx
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/edx/django-oauth2-provider

.. image:: http://codecov.io/github/edx/django-oauth2-provider/coverage.svg?branch=edx
    :target: http://codecov.io/github/edx/django-oauth2-provider?branch=edx

This is an edX-customized fork of *django-oauth2-provider*, a Django application that provides
customizable OAuth2\-authentication for your Django projects.

`Documentation <http://readthedocs.org/docs/django-oauth2-provider/en/latest/>`_

`Help <https://groups.google.com/d/forum/django-oauth2-provider>`_

Release Notes
=============
1.2.5
-----
* Added management command to delete expired OAuth2 access and refresh tokens.

1.2.4
-----
* More management command MySQL compatibility updates.

1.2.3
-----
* Update management command to be MySQL 5.6 compatible, use ORM for deletions.

1.2.2
-----
* Add management command to delete expired OAuth2 grant tokens.

1.2.1
-----
* Add Django 1.10/1.11 support.

1.2.0
-----
* Add 'nonce' to OAuth2 grant tokens model.

1.0.2
-----

This release contains a backward incompatible change:

* Foreign key reverse names have been specified, so this library can be
  installed alongside `django-oauth-toolkit`.  Code that traverses from
  the User model to `django-oauth2-provider` models will need to update the
  related name used.

      >>> user.access_token
      >>> user.grant
      >>> user.refresh_token

  becomes:

      >>> user.dop_access_token
      >>> user.dop_grant
      >>> user.dop_refresh_token

License
=======

*django-oauth2-provider* is released under the MIT License. Please see the LICENSE file for details.
